{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 ComicSansMS;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19120\viewh14680\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Audrey\'92s Project 1\
\
**initial prototypes are located in project-01 folder\
\
June 24, 2016\
\

\b \ul Project 1:
\b0 \ulnone This app will allow the user to create categories and new to-do-lists  within those categories. Users can add or remove items and/or categories from this list at any time.\
\

\b \ul How does this app work?
\b0 \ulnone \
\

\b \ul To add new categories:
\b0 \ulnone \
On the home screen, users can type in the name of a category they would like to add and click the \'93ADD LIST\'94 button. Once the new category is created, users will be able to click on that category to create their to-do-list.\

\b \ul \
To add new items to a list:
\b0 \ulnone \
Once users have clicked on their category, the should see a new screen. Users should type in items one at a time. Each time users click the  \'93ADD LIST\'94 button, a new item will be created and added to the list.\
\

\b \ul How to return to the main screen from the item screen:
\b0 \ulnone \
To return to the main menu, users click on the \'93GO BACK\'94 button and they will return to their categories.\
\

\b \ul How to see your to-do-list?
\b0 \ulnone \
When users can click on a category, it should take them back to the list they have created. It should look exactly the same unless they have deleted items. If the app is restarted, the information will not be saved. \
\

\b \ul To remove items:
\b0 \ulnone \
Users can remove items at any time by long clicking on the item he/she would like to remove.\
\

\b \ul To remove categories:
\b0 \ulnone \
Users can remove categories at any time by long clicking on the category he/she would like to remove. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}